Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#243)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/index.md

---
title: "Bing Spatial Data Services | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes Bing Spatial Data Services and provides a table that outlines a description for various resources relating to Bing Spatial Data Services."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The overview page for the Spatial Data Services section, which uses REST URLS to geocode, store and query spatial data. Describes what you can do with these API and contains a list of links to topics in this section with descriptions for each."
```
